README.md, before:

SublimeChef
===========

A Sublime Text 2 Package for authoring Chef related files.

This Package provides several code snippets designed to make writing chef recipes faster and even more fun. 
Each snippet has sensible defaults, carefully chosen placeholders, and several variations to cover almost all of your recipe needs.

Maybe this is better explained with a [youtube demo video](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4VtDj_ar1Xg).


Install
-------

If you have Package Control installed in Sublime Text 2 just press ctrl+shift+p (Windows, Linux) or cmd+shift+p (OS X) to open the Command Pallete.
Start typing 'install' to select 'Package Control: Install Package', then search for Chef and select it. That's it.

You can also install this package manually by entering the Packages directory of Sublime Text 2 and issuing on a terminal:
    
    git clone https://github.com/cabeca/SublimeChef Chef



Completions
-----------

These are the available completions:

    actionn
    ignoref
	provider
	retries
	supports
	not_ifd
	not_if
	only_ifd
	only_if
	cookbook_filef
	cookbook_file
	cronf
	cron
	deploy
	directoryf
	directoryr
	directory
	env
	erl_call
	executef
	executen
	execute
	filec
	filef
	file
	groupa
	group
	http_requestp
	http_request
	linkf
	linkh
	link
	logd
	log
	mdadm
	mountf
	mountl
	mountn
	mount
	notifiesi
	notifies
	subscribesi
	subscribes
	ohaip
	ohai
	packageo
	packager
	packagev
	package
	remote_directoryf
	remote_directory
	ruby_block
	git
	subversion
	bash
	perl
	python
	ruby
	script
	servicep
	service
	templatev
	template
	user

Commit message:

Updated README with notice of Package Control availability. Added role completion to the list.

README.md, after:

SublimeChef
===========

A Sublime Text 2 Package for authoring Chef related files.

This Package provides several code snippets designed to make writing chef recipes faster and even more fun. 
Each snippet has sensible defaults, carefully chosen placeholders, and several variations to cover almost all of your recipe needs.

Maybe this is better explained with a [youtube demo video](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4VtDj_ar1Xg).


Install
-------

*Not available in Package Control yet, you must install this package manually for now.*
~~If you have Package Control installed in Sublime Text 2 just press ctrl+shift+p (Windows, Linux) or cmd+shift+p (OS X) to open the Command Pallete.
Start typing 'install' to select 'Package Control: Install Package', then search for Chef and select it. That's it.~~

You can also install this package manually by entering the Packages directory of Sublime Text 2 and issuing on a terminal:
    
    git clone https://github.com/cabeca/SublimeChef Chef



Completions
-----------

These are the available completions:

    actionn
    ignoref
	provider
	retries
	supports
	not_ifd
	not_if
	only_ifd
	only_if
	cookbook_filef
	cookbook_file
	cronf
	cron
	deploy
	directoryf
	directoryr
	directory
	env
	erl_call
	executef
	executen
	execute
	filec
	filef
	file
	groupa
	group
	http_requestp
	http_request
	linkf
	linkh
	link
	logd
	log
	mdadm
	mountf
	mountl
	mountn
	mount
	notifiesi
	notifies
	subscribesi
	subscribes
	ohaip
	ohai
	packageo
	packager
	packagev
	package
	remote_directoryf
	remote_directory
	ruby_block
	git
	subversion
	bash
	perl
	python
	role
	ruby
	script
	servicep
	service
	templatev
	template
	user
